hey guys this is ivan with overlook DNT
and in today's video we're working on
the using the eye of ender for a bud
switch BAM alright so this requested by
subscriber vanished nova and he said you
know ki have you know some kind of like
implementation on and i have enter
activating something and i'm going the
wrong way and I was like yeah and you
know what staying to myself like what
would be a good application for even
having this then I thought to myself you
know maybe like an adventure map like if
you're using the eyes of ender for you
know just to activate something like hey
you've come this far place the thing in
the eye of ender in the frame and you
know it activates something so we're
using once again via silent piston list
um bud switch which mean I'm going to
run that thing to the ground I just
happen to get like to request involving
but switches which is friggin convenient
because this thing has worked for both
applications so what I thought though to
myself was like how would I use it you
know I don't do adventure maps so then I
thought to myself I know how in case i
tell my douchebag people which actually
we've already killed the dragon you know
let's say I have told them to not come
into the not coming to the end without
me so what I could have done is I could
rig it I could have rigged this thing to
freaking murder somebody because they
didn't pay attention to what i said like
that now what had happened is i have the
up you know the piston list but switch
directly underneath this one so when you
put us the eye of ender into the frame
and activates a but switch it happens a
block update to happen so basically all
that i did and i will put in an NT
annotation on that video is basically
put the pistol and splits which directly
underneath this just build it again
alright and then you know i just laced
the outputs with TMT pretty much i mean
again that was the application that i
thought made
sense but yeah that's pretty much the
gist of it you know you can't destroy
the item frames or the eyes of ender one
thing though that I did realize is that
they are transparent blocks to an extent
so light does shine through them so make
sure you know you would light up your
area otherwise it would look apparent
that there's something wrong and then
you know like embellish it so that it
looks like you're like something else is
going on you know like it's fancy for no
reason and that way you're able to hide
the wiring underneath but yeah I'm
pretty much that was exactly what I
thought would be a good use for it you
know and I'll make it real simple we'll
just put a teensy right above that but
as soon as you place the I Avenger the
bud switch reacts the T&T I it's primed
and then you're good to go murder
somebody awesome well I hope you guys
liked the video as always subscribe up
top and peace out
you